This document maps capabilities and roles to features. 

Editing a ticket : 

Editing a ticket allows to change a set of information that can be manipulated by distinct actors : 

- Ticket description : what the ticket asks for
- Ticket assignation : who the ticket is given to
- Ticket state : in which process state the ticket is
- Comments

Only ticket "manager" can access to ticket content description for changes. This may not be the initial reporter in all cases.
Only ticket "manager" can access to ticket content description for changes

Capabilities : 

mod/tracker:report : Allows people to create new tickets. 
mod/tracker:manage : Allows people to change the definition of all tickets in the stack. 
mod/tracker:develop : Allows people to be assigned to a ticket, and process some work on it. 
mod/tracker:resolve : Allows people to close the ticket by setting it resolved. Accessorily, allow to edit ticket data to fix descriptions.
mod/tracker:configure : Allows people to configure the tracker. 
mod/tracker:seeissues : Allows people to configure the tracker. 
mod/tracker:viewallissues : Allows people to configure the tracker. 

Bug report mode : 

Use story : Any report capable users post some bug reports that all other user can see for collaborative reference. Managers can assign tickets
to some developpers that can work on them, opening, working and giving solutions. Some trackers could have a default assigned people among
developpers or managers, Original reporter (or manager) can close (resolve) the ticket at the end of the process. 

User support mode : 

Use Stroy : Any report capable user can post tickets but CANNOT browse nor see tickts from other people. Managers can assign tickets
to some developpers that can work on them, opening, working and giving solutions. Some trackers could have a default assigned people among
developpers or managers, Original reporter (or manager) can close (resolve) the ticket at the end of the process. 

Task distribution mode :

Use Story : Some users can post tickets (query for task) and assign them to people (major difference). Assigned developpers can see 
only their work, take a ticket and work on it. The reporter (or manager) can solve it. 
